Hello Gianna Dior. Hi. Do I have to call you Gianna Dior or do I just call you Gianna? You can just call me Gianna. Or can I call you Miss Dior? Just Gianna. Just Gianna? Just Gianna is good. I like that name. Just Gianna. Just Gianna. No not just Gianna. Just Gianna. So welcome. Thanks. I don't really know why I'm here today.
What did your agent tell you?
My agent sent me here to audition for a stepdaughter role,
but I've done so many of that.
Like, I don't think I need to audition.
Like, I'm good.
I've done so many stepdaughter, stepsister-type roles.
So I'm not really sure why I have to audition.
So you want to bypass the audition part of the role?
Yeah.
And you want to go straight to the...
Just to fucking.
To the scene?
Yeah.
There's no point of the step whatever.
Yeah, but who told you there's going to be sex involved in this?
I just assumed.
This is a mainstream role, Gianna.
There no sex involved in this Oh I just don know Are you okay with that or are you just sex only No I not okay with that I only yeah I just want to fuck Are you serious Yeah It sex only with just Gianna
Just sex with just Gianna.
God, how do you fucking smile?
It's like those teeth are priceless.
You could be a teeth model.
Oh, really?
You must like floss and brush and mouthwash and then repeat.
I do.
I do all the things.
And use conditioner and all the stuff.
be a great dental hygienist honestly you'd make a great porn star actually i hope so i would hope
so at this point okay so yeah welcome to the spank monster channel and stepdaughter auditions
so you are here today to audition to play the role of my stepdaughter okay but i've already
done a ton of that so i'd rather just fuck i don't need to audition anyway like i've i feel
like we keep going back to the same place.
I think you have like a sex problem or something.
I may have a sex problem, but no need to audition.
All right, I'm going to get the truth out of you right now.
Look deep into my eyes, and I want you
to tell me when the last time a penis was in your pussy.
Oh.
And don lie to me Honestly I tried to get some last night and i couldn he was unavailable i very picky with dick two days ago two days ago what today sunday today sunday yeah friday
today's stepped out or no no it was thursday oh my god i haven't gotten dick since thursday
are you serious dead ass yeah what yeah i've had sex since thursday it's hard for giona do you
to get laid? It is. It really is. Sometimes I'm like super picky with like what kind of dick I
want and like they're never available or like everyone was out of town this weekend so I was
like I had nobody to fuck so yeah it's been three days. I really like hearing all your emotional
dick problems. Tell me more about how hard it is to get laid. It is so hard for Gianna Dior to get
dick. I'm honestly so picky though. It's my fault. Can we, can we see like, can we
take a look at you and your body? See how hard it is for me to get to him? Your body is so fucking sexy.
Right, I could say no. I just want to take a look at you. Wow. This is my audition.
This is, uh, speechless. Wow.
Look at that booty Yeah you like that So much What nationality are you I Italian Is it from New York or what
Actually, no. I'm from all over the place because my parents were in the military.
Let's see the front and then we'll come back to the back.
Yeah.
We'll go back to the front and we'll just spin you around.
Just keep going.
You're getting all sexual on me.
I suppose so.
Can you just like down step and down real lightly on your heels?
Just a little bit.
That's good.
Let's do that for a second.
Let me just watch.
It's so fucking hot.
Are you down with like a hand job while you do that?
Absolutely.
I'll still stand up for that one.
You do the hand job and bounce.
Hand job and bounce?
A bouncing hand job.
I totally could do that.
You helped me too?
You've so stopped bouncing.
I have to skin down.
Like this?
Yeah.
Is that what you want?
Look at that.
I don't have my mouth on it.
You gotta bounce.
A bouncing hand jam, I have to say.
This is one I've never done.
I scroll through all your videos that you've ever done
to find things that you've never done before,
like a bouncing hand jam.
Like a bouncing hand jam.
It's so fucking hot.
You gonna feel my tits?
Oh my god.
I thought you were gonna ask.
I think you should squeeze.
Oh, let me wipe it on my shirt for some unknown reason.
Oh.
Yeah.
Jeez, Gion.
Oh, my God.
That's good.
That's like 100% natural, real.
100%.
Those are nice.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, my God.
Oh, natural.
Jeez.
I think you should feel my ass too.
No, no, no, no.
No?
I'm going to take that.
Five.
Oh, yeah.
Oh it so soft Is it Squeeze them Yeah It so soft That feels so good Whoa
Wait, wait, wait.
You have to get this one?
That feels good.
I don't want to leave that one out.
Oh, my God.
That's a nice booty.
Do you like it?
So much.
Oh shit.
Wow, hold on. Let me just look at you.
Fuck. Wow.
Oh shit.
I think we're about to go for it.
It's going for it.
Oh my god.
Shit It so hard not to No you don taste over Make sure I got a good angle here
Oh, fuck.
Mmm.
Fuck, this looks good.
I think that makes me sleepy wet.
Oh my gosh.
Oh.
Can I get that cock now?
You're going to come here though.
Of course we will.
Let's do this cock.
I'm going to get you nice and hard.
Swallow your cock.
Mmm, she's so clean down here
Sexy
I'm so clean
I put lipstick all over you It okay you can get lipstick all over you You just fucking gorgeous
It's gonna look nice and big in your mouth.
Yeah, just let it grow out of my mouth.
Oh ok
so much
You're so fucking hot
Tastes so fucking good
It's a good fucking cock
Look at that ass fuck
You concentrate on that I'll just start your booty
Um.
Oh
Fuck, it's big now
I can't love that
Can't you put your titties right there?
Yeah, you're gonna pitch up
Please
Oh shit.
Yeah, your cock feels so good. I'm gonna treat my tits.
Oh yeah.
Oh my god, that's amazing.
It's so fucking hard.
Fuck yeah, it's so hard for me.
Oh my god.
Oh fuck.
Give me that cock.
Shit.
I like choking on your cough.
It's right.
Mm-hmm.
Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mr Drugs Mr Drugs Ah thanks
You're holding that one
oh
just壊都要 что
I'm so soft.
I like that.
She's such a good girl for you.
Yeah, you're such a good girl.
You such a good girl for you Yeah you such good girl I have a stick inside me so bad
Oh my god.
Hey, how are you going to give it to me?
Yeah. You want to go to the couch?
You want the couch?
I'm already so wet.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
It's like I haven't had dick in five.
Oh yeah I like that Fuck yes give me that nice big check Yeah Oh fuck yes Oh my god yeah it feels so good in my birthday Yeah fuck we got that nice picture yeah oh fuck yeah
oh my god
yeah like that
fuck
oh my god
oh
fuck yeah
yes give me that nice hard cock
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you're gonna make me cum.
You're gonna make me cum with a nice hard tick.
Yeah.
Like, you're gonna be a J.D. that sweat today.
You're such a dirty slut.
I love it.
I love sexy dirty sluts.
Oh, yeah.
You're a good dick, honey.
You're gonna make me come.
You naughty little slut.
You naughty fucking bitch.
I'm coming.
Holy shit.
Fuck. Yeah, stupid city. Yeah, but your fingers in my mouth. Yeah. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Yeah, I fucking love it.
Oh my god.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I can stuff my mouth.
I can stuff all my holes.
Yeah.
Yeah, it'll be a dirty little bitch for you.
You love that little pussy, don't you?
Yeah, you love that tight little pussy?
Fuck yeah.
Yeah, I feel so fucking good.
Yeah, give it to me.
Oh, my God.
Mmm fuck yeah I gonna spread my legs for you like a dirty little whore Yeah Such a good little girl spreading my legs for you You a good girl
Yeah.
Spreading my little whore legs.
Fuck yeah.
She me like a little slut.
Yeah.
You can do whatever you want to me.
You can do whatever you want to that little pussy.
Yeah.
I'm just looking at you, see?
Is that what you like?
Oh, fuck yeah.
Give me that tick.
Yes, give me that tick nice and hard.
Yeah, I don't forget about my tits.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I like that.
Fuck.
Oh yeah, holy shit.
God, yes, it's a good fucking cock.
Yeah, it's a good chick.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Fuck yes give me that fucking cock Yeah whose cock is that Is it mine I don get to do whatever the fuck I want to this dick Oh shit
Oh, fuck.
Well, you can do whatever you want.
I like that idea.
Oh, my gosh.
Did I ride you?
Yeah.
You made me ride that nice hard dick.
Oh shit
Just get anything wet again
Yeah, I'm gonna stroke you
Mmm, good, your dick feels so good in my hand
Oh, that's hot
You want me to put it too?
So you want me to put it like that?
Yeah, I get everything soaking wet
Oh shit
And you're gonna use this little pussy again?
Yeah, you're gonna use that dip right now
I'm gonna fucking use your cocks make me come
Oh shit
Yeah, is that what you want?
Fuck
Yeah, it feels so fucking good in my hands
Hey, let me ride that chick
Okay
Oh fuck
Oh shit Oh good It so hot Oh yeah I just need this little shit
Just take your time, baby.
Oh yeah.
Can you take the third one, enjoy?
Yeah.
Can you take your time in that cup?
Oh yeah, take it all night.
Oh, yeah, that's good.
Yeah.
I love it.
Yeah, you like that?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Because he loves that chick.
Yeah, I rub my little...
Yeah, rub my cock.
Oh, my fuck.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, yes.
Fucking heck.
Oh, fuck yes, yes, yes.
Oh, my God.
Oh, yeah.
Give me that back.
yes
oh
my
god
oh
I mean, I'm sick too.
I'm sick too.
Oh, yeah, nice and deep inside me.
Yeah, yeah, fuck, we're supposed to nice and deep.
Yeah, fuck.
Okay, I'm gonna come.
Okay, I hope so.
Yeah, I'm gonna come.
Yeah, you're gonna come.
Oh.
Oh shit.
Five years. That's so fucking good.
I just need to become so hard.
Oh my god So much work It so fucking hard Yeah
Oh yeah, you love that don't you?
Oh yeah.
I love it.
Fuck yeah.
It's so hot.
I just kind of thought it would be not.
I don't know, Mama.
It's so hot.
Oh, I love it.
Fuck yeah.
I love it.
It's so hot.
Oh, shit.
You're not a girl.
Yeah, me and I little girl.
Yeah me and Jodie that sweat Yeah gonna try to fucking slut Oh yeah just that ugly shit
You're making me feelin' out of the pussy.
I'm gonna fucking destroy this.
Take that off.
You're destroying it, baby.
I'm gonna be sore tomorrow.
Oh god.
I'm gonna fucking be sore tomorrow.
Oh
Oh my god, yes.
Yeah, holy shit, yeah.
Yeah, I'm like a girl just coming out of your dick.
You can taste it.
Yeah, I didn't taste it.
Fuck yeah holy shit I just gonna bend get this couch and see your cup You taste your pussy
Uh huh.
I thought you were.
Mmm, it's a good pussy.
I taste all my pussy shoes.
I'm going to just bounce your ass up in a moment
Mmm
I need to get back on that sec
Okay, I'll give it to me
Oh my god.
Oh my god, yeah.
Oh, it's gonna be so good, baby.
Holy shit.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, back, yes.
Oh, yeah, you're so deep.
Oh, I'm so fucking deep.
Oh yes, spank me.
Spank me like a naughty little bitch.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
Is that what you like?
Yeah.
Can I bounce on that chair?
That sounds so good to me.
I'm taking my dick good.
Oh, yeah.
Holy shit.
Give it to me.
Yeah, you got it.
Yeah, it's good.
It looks so good.
But...
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Fuck yeah, it's right there, right there.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
Yeah Yeah That so fucking good you such a good girl oh yeah
I'm being a good girl
I couldn't have left someone
no either of that
mmmm
aah
You fucked me. Yeah, snake me. Fucking snake me hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you saw that a pussy. Yeah, you saw that a pussy. Fuck! Yeah. Yeah. Oh, shit. Yeah. I have something to put her so fucking hard for you.
Holy shit, I'm coming!
Holy fire, I can't.
I'm just fucking using that next picture.
I just gonna squeeze my tits I so fucking good Yeah right there Is that real good
Fuck.
You like that little pussy?
Yeah, fuck me.
Fuck me with a nice poop joke.
Yeah, can you listen to me?
Yeah, can you see me?
Oh yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Fuck, I love that.
Oh my god, it's a good fucking check.
Yeah, it's a good check.
Oh, fuck, yeah, I need some tea.
Mmm, yeah, oh my god, I get really cheap.
Oh, fuck.
Oh yeah, I keep doing that.
I keep doing that.
It's so deep.
Oh yes.
Yeah, I need to feel every inch of me.
Yeah.
Oh my God Yeah can you feel my pussy stretching for you I spreading my pussy up in
Oh shit, that's too good.
I'm looking right at that too.
Shit, you're so different.
Oh yeah.
I got you to bend me over.
You're going to bend me over and fuck this little pussy.
A little bit.
I'm having so much fun.
Yeah?
You make this better?
I can't get enough of this little pussy, can you?
I guess you have to use that little pussy.
I just think I can use me.
So good.
Oh, fuck.
So fucking wet.
Yeah.
Oh my god, yeah.
Yeah, you fucking love that, don't you?
No, I'm sorry.
You love that little pussy?
Oh my fuck.
Oh, yeah, it's a good check.
Oh, yeah, can you go positive for me?
If I can do it, man.
Oh, yeah, just use that little slutty pussy.
Yeah, I can love when you go to eat.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, yeah, give it to me.
Oh, yeah, you're gonna teach me?
And who's me at the pizza?
Oh, yeah.
Shove it back at me.
Yes.
You have it to me.
Yeah, you have it to me nice and hard.
I can't.
Yeah, I need more of that.
That's it.
I need more of that fucking cup.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, yes.
Oh my god.
Oh my god you so good to my little pussy Yeah you so fucking good
Your pussy's amazing
Yeah
I love you
Aww
Now you need to bend me over
I gotta hold on your titties so I don't fall
I have all yours
Mmm
oh
I'm going to stroke it in a second.
Yeah.
Oh my god I have to just come in later Do you have to bend in this place No I talking about that Suck my head it pissy again
Okay, I can go back to this.
Yeah.
There's no way to go.
Oh, I have to see you in the face.
Oh, baby.
Holy shit.
Yes.
Oh, my fucking god.
It's my favorite position.
I'm fucking glad when I can come already.
Yeah, I can't come yet.
Yeah, you told me when I can come.
Yeah.
Oh.
But.
oh my fucking god
I feel so fucking good
yeah I feel so fucking good
yes yes yes yes
oh yeah
I'm gonna fucking spread me your pants
spread a little pussy your pants yes yes fucking no You gonna come You gonna come Yes Sonny
Yes, Sonny, I'm coming.
God damn it.
Ah!
Holy shit!
You just beat me on the fucking heart.
yeah
holy shit
it's so funny
it's so fucking small
yeah yeah yeah
don't fucking stop
oh yeah
oh
Oh, yeah, give it to me, yeah.
Yeah, fuck me like a dirty little slut.
Yeah, give it to me.
Yes, you can use me, use that little pussy.
Yeah, use that dirty little pussy.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, I love that little pussy.
I love you.
Oh, yeah.
You just can't get enough of it.
Yeah.
Fuck.
You're gonna make me come again?
Yeah.
You're gonna make me come again with a big cock?
Come again?
Fuck.
Come in.
Oh, yeah.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, yeah, right there, right there, right there.
Holy shit, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's like this.
I'm a boy.
I love it.
Fuck yeah, I love it.
Yeah.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Yes yes yes Pull my hair Yeah pull my fucking hair Yeah Ah yeah Ah
Ah.
Ah, yes.
But.
Come.
Come again.
Fucking come.
Oh, fuck.
I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming.
I'm coming.
Yeah.
And thank you, girl, for coming all over that car.
Yeah, such a good girl.
Just taking that dick.
And just fucking take it.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Mmm.
Oh, shit.
Oh shit, yeah.
Yeah, choke me.
Yeah.
Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah fuck yeah it a good fucking cock Yeah it a good fucking cock Yeah do you like kissing that little bitchy
Is it me?
Yeah.
You're the next pick.
That's a good fucking guy.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, do you like to see that little piece?
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Shove your teeth.
Yeah.
Mmm. It's a fucking long
I'm deep inside my stomach.
Fuck.
Oh, shit.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I like that.
Yeah, use me.
Fuck, Rita.
Oh, yeah, right there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my god
Come here.
Oh, shit, yeah.
Fucking stuff that little hole.
Oh, fuck yes, oh fuck yes.
Oh
I guess it's already...
Oh, no.
So good.
It's so hot.
Oh, yeah, you like that?
Yeah.
Oh.
It's a long fucking sec.
It's perfect for you.
Oh.
I am just deep inside me
I...
Yeah, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me
He's that little pussy, he's that little pussy until he come
Yeah, don't you like?
Yeah, I got a little whore pussy
Yeah
I'm gonna have a good girl for you.
You're the best.
Yeah, I like that.
Fuck yes, right there.
Holy shit, yeah, I like it.
Fuck.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
Fuck.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yeah, I can fucking hear what I am.
Yeah.
Oh, my fucking God, yes.
Yeah yeah yeah Fuck me so you make me come Yeah Yeah yeah make me cum Yeah Oh shit Yeah yeah give it to me Yeah But yeah yeah right there Right there
Oh yes baby.
Oh yeah, fuck that little study pussy.
Yeah, fuck my little study pussy.
Yes.
Oh fuck.
Oh yeah.
Oh my fucking god, yes.
It's a good fucking cock.
Yeah, it's a good cock.
Holy shit.
I'm using it.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
Oh my fucking god.
Oh fuck yeah right there.
Right there.
Yes baby.
I'm gonna come.
You fucking me Oh no stop fucking my pants I coming
Holy shit.
God, yeah.
Fuck, holy shit.
Oh yeah, it's a good fuck dick.
Yeah.
God, you just made me come so fucking hard.
My turn?
Yeah, it's the turn to come.
Yeah, yeah, it's the turn to come, baby.
Yeah, yeah, you can come and love me.
Yeah, use that little pussy.
Use that little pussy to make you come.
Yeah, use that.
Yeah, yeah.
Use me like your dirty whore.
Yeah.
Come on, let me like you dirty whore.
Come on, let me baby, yeah.
Holy shit, yeah, let me pussy.
Keep coming, keep coming.
Yeah give it all to me Give me all that fucking cum Holy shit What It fucking covered me
Oh my god, that's pretty.
Wow.
Damn.
Oh.
It looks so good.
Oh my god.
I'm like, I'm still like drinking.
I know, it's still dripping. Give me all of that.
That's a good fucking sex.
It's a crazy stepdaughter audition we did.
See, we don't need any of that.
Jeez.
The bag felt like so good.
Alright. Now what?
I think you got the part.
I think I'll just use this video.
You better have gotten apart.
Why don't I just pay you for this and we just put this out.
Are you cool with it?
Sure.
Absolutely.
Gianna.
All right.
I'll see you soon.
Gianna got plastered.
Splattered.
I don't know.